It is bed time for Peppa and George.
Good night, my little piggies!
Granny and
grandpa pig have come for dinner.
Hello!
Where are Peppa and George?
They are asleep.
Oh, but I so want
to see them, can I take a peek?
Ok, granny pig, but be very quiet.
Granny pig!
Hello, my little
darlings! You should be asleep!
Tell us a story!
Ok, but only if you
promise to go straight back to sleep.
Ok, I’ll just sleep after the story.
All right. Once upon a time, there was
A little boy called
Pedro Pony, and he found some magic bean.
Oh! Yes. Now Pedra planted the bean
and it grew into an enormous
bean stalk that went high into the sky.
That’s right!
Pedro climbed to the
top of that bean sprout and found a
A horrible big giant.
But I don’t want that. I want a princess!
Oh, yes! There he
found a beautiful princess Peppa.
Haha~
And Sir George, the brave knight.
And a cook, who made
the most delicious food ever.
Mummy pig, daddy pig and
grandpa pig are waiting to eat dinner.
I’ll go and see what’s keeping granny pig.
What’s next in the story?
Naughty granny pig!
You woke the little ones.
We promised to sleep
when the story ends, grandpa.
I’m good at ending stories.
granny pig. And you go down stairs.
I won’t be long.
There’s a boy.
a bean stalk. a beautiful princess.
a brave knight. and a
cook who makes the lovely dinner.
Well, after they ate the
lovely dinner, everyone fell asleep, the end.
Then they all
woke up and along came a wizard.
A wizard?
Yes, a wizard who
was going to do a big magic show.
Ah, but――
Then, along came a scary dragon.
Granny pig, mummy pig and
daddy pig are still waiting to eat dinner.
That bit time
story doesn’t seem to be working.
I’m the expert in telling bedtime
stories, I’ll have them sleeping in no time.
Ahhh, a scary dragon!
Peppa, Gorge, back to bed!
But grandpa hasn’t
finished the story yet, daddy.
I’ll finish the story.
I’ll be done in a minute.
Ok, there is a boy, a bean stalk, a castle,
a beautiful princess, a brave knight, a cook,
a wizard and a scary dragon.
And a very hungry king.
So they all had a big
dinner and lived happily ever after
The end.
Then, they had a party!
And all their friends came.
Right, I think I’d better sort this out.
Hohohoho~
Daddy pig!
They are almost asleep.
Thank you. I’ll take over now.
You have to finish the story, mummy.
Ok, quickly now. Tell me what’s happened.
Once upon the time,
in olden days, a long time ago……
Mummy pig has
been up there for a long time.
I can hear snoring.
At last! Peppa and Gorge are asleep.
Then they all lived
happily ever after. The end.
Peppa, George!
Shi――Mummy is asleep!
Hohohoho, it looks like princess
Peppa is the
best to tell the bedtime stories.
That’s right. I am!